---
title: "美国文学"
date: 2026-02-06
draft: false
---

### **Chapter 10: American Naturalism (美国自然主义)**

- **Stephen Crane** - _Maggie: A Girl of the Streets_, _The Red Badge of Courage_, _The Open Boat_, _The Blue Hotel_, _The Black Riders_。
- **Frank Norris** - _McTeague_, _The Octopus_, _The Pit_。
- **Theodore Dreiser** - _Sister Carrie_, _Jennie Gerhardt_, _The Financier_, _The Titan_, _An American Tragedy_, _The Bulwark_。
- **Edwin Arlington Robinson** - _Richard Cory_, _Miniver Cheevy_, _Flammonde_, _The Man Against the Sky_。
- **Jack London** - _The Call of the Wild_, _White Fang_, _The Sea Wolf_, _Martin Eden_。
- **O. Henry** - _The Gift of the Magi_。
- **Upton Sinclair** - _The Jungle_。
- **Edward Bellamy** - _Looking Backward, 2000-1887_。

### **Chapter 11: The 1920s & Ezra Pound (20年代与庞德)**

- **Ezra Pound** - _The Cantos_, _Hugh Selwyn Mauberley_, _Homage to Sextus Propertius_, _Cathay_, _In a Station of the Metro_。
- **H.D. (Hilda Doolittle)** - _Oread_。

### **Chapter 12: T. S. Eliot, Stevens, Williams (高度现代主义诗歌)**

- **T. S. Eliot** - _The Waste Land_, _The Love Song of J. Alfred Prufrock_, _Gerontion_, _The Hollow Men_, _Ash Wednesday_, _Four Quartets_。
- **Wallace Stevens** - _Sunday Morning_, _Anecdote of the Jar_, _The Idea of Order at Key West_, _The Emperor of Ice-Cream_, _Harmonium_。
- **William Carlos Williams** - _The Red Wheelbarrow_, _Paterson_, _Spring and All_, _Queen-Ann’s-Lace_。

### **Chapter 13: Frost, Cummings, Crane, Moore (多样性诗歌)**

- **Robert Frost** - _The Road Not Taken_, _Mending Wall_, _Stopping by Woods on a Snowy Evening_, _Birches_, _The Wood Pile_, _Design_。
- **Vachel Lindsay** - _General William Booth Enters into Heaven_, _The Congo_, _Santa Fe Trail_。
- **Edgar Lee Masters** - _Spoon River Anthology_。
- **Carl Sandburg** - _Chicago_, _Fog_, _The Harbor_, _Cool Tomb_, _The People, Yes_, _Cornhuskers_。
- **E. E. Cummings** - _in Just-_ (or _Chanson Innocenter_)。
- **Hart Crane** - _The Bridge_, _White Buildings_。
- **Marianne Moore** - _Poetry_, _The Fish_。

### **Chapter 14: Fitzgerald, Hemingway (迷惘的一代)**

- **F. Scott Fitzgerald** - _The Great Gatsby_, _This Side of Paradise_, _The Beautiful and Damned_, _Tender is the Night_, _The Last Tycoon_。
- **Ernest Hemingway** - _The Sun Also Rises_, _A Farewell to Arms_, _The Old Man and the Sea_, _For Whom the Bell Tolls_, _In Our Time_。

### **Chapter 15: The Southern Renaissance (南方文艺复兴)**

- **William Faulkner** - _The Sound and the Fury_, _Absalom, Absalom!_, _Go Down, Moses_, _A Rose for Emily_, _As I Lay Dying_, _Sanctuary_, _Light in August_。
- **Ellen Glasgow** - _Virginia_, _Barren Ground_。

### **Chapter 16: Anderson, Stein, Lewis, Cather, Wolfe (多元小说家)**

- **Sherwood Anderson** - _Winesburg, Ohio_, _Windy McPherson’s Son_, _Marching Men_, _Dark Laughter_。
- **Gertrude Stein** - _Three Lives_, _Tender Buttons_, _The Making of Americans_, _The Autobiography of Alice B. Toklas_。
- **Sinclair Lewis** - _Main Street_, _Babbitt_, _Arrowsmith_, _Elmer Gantry_, _Dodsworth_。
- **Willa Cather** - _My Antonia_, _O Pioneers!_, _The Song of the Lark_, _Death Comes for the Archbishop_。
- **Thomas Wolfe** - _Look Homeward, Angel_, _Of Time and the River_, _The Web and the Rock_, _You Can’t Go Home Again_。

### **Chapter 17: The 1930s (30年代社会抗议文学)**

- **John Dos Passos** - _U.S.A._ (trilogy: _The 42nd Parallel_, _1919_, _The Big Money_)。
- **John Steinbeck** - _The Grapes of Wrath_, _Of Mice and Men_, _In Dubious Battle_, _Tortilla Flat_, _East of Eden_。
- **James T. Farrell** - _Studs Lonigan_ (trilogy)。
- **John O’Hara** - _Appointment in Samarra_。

### **Chapter 18: Porter, Welty, McCullers, West (南方女作家与讽刺)**

- **Katherine Anne Porter** - _Ship of Fools_, _Flowering Judas_, _The Jilting of Granny Weatherall_, _Pale Horse, Pale Rider_。
- **Eudora Welty** - _Death of a Traveling Salesman_, _Delta Wedding_, _The Ponder Heart_, _The Optimist's Daughter_。
- **Carson McCullers** - _The Heart Is a Lonely Hunter_, _The Ballad of the Sad Café_, _The Member of the Wedding_。
- **Nathanael West** - _Miss Lonelyhearts_, _The Day of the Locust_, _The Dream Life of Balso Snell_。

### **Chapter 19: American Drama (美国戏剧)**

- **Eugene O’Neill** - _Long Day’s Journey into Night_, _The Hairy Ape_, _The Emperor Jones_, _Desire under the Elms_, _Beyond the Horizon_。
- **Elmer Rice** - _The Adding Machine_, _Street Scene_。
- **Susan Glaspell** - _Trifles_, _Alison’s House_。
- **Clifford Odets** - _Waiting for Lefty_, _Awake and Sing!_。
- **Tennessee Williams** - _The Glass Menagerie_, _A Streetcar Named Desire_, _Cat on a Hot Tin Roof_, _The Night of the Iguana_。
- **Arthur Miller** - _Death of a Salesman_, _The Crucible_, _All My Sons_, _A View from the Bridge_。
- **Edward Albee** - _Who’s Afraid of Virginia Woolf?_, _The Zoo Story_。
- **Sam Shepard** - _Buried Child_, _Fool for Love_。
- **David Mamet** - _American Buffalo_, _Glengarry Glen Ross_。



